RFC-1: Client Spec (#2)
meower-media-co/RFC: RFC-1-Clients.md

This also applies to client plugins in relevant areas (ie: [Design Practices](#design-practices))

You can remove your client from the featured clients at any time for any reason. You are in absolute control of your project.

## Terms/Definitions

- Us/We - The Meower team
- FOSS/OSS - Free and open source software
- M.js - Meower's open source client and bot library made with JavaScript.
- JS - JavaScript
- WS - WebSockets(s)
- APTE - As per (the) example client
- PFP - Profile picture

## Prefacing

This document may be hard to understand for some readers, as it assumes that you have background in developing with JavaScript ("JS"), WebSockets ("WS"), REST APIs, and also that you have read some of the [Meower Documentation](https://docs.meower.org/)

If you do not have any background in this, then it will be harder to understand the references this RFC makes. Therefore, it will be harder to make a featured client.

## Rules
- You **MAY NOT** create a client for **"malicous intent"**, we will carefully review your client to make sure that you aren't breaking any guidelines.

> - This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)

Reviewer: This is phrased weirdly - I assume that most clients do not need their own ToS and privacy policy, as the only server they communicate to is Meower.

> - This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)

Reviewer 2: The TOS and Privacy Policy for Meower only apply to Meower-Team-hosted stuff, so clients can’t just point to that. It’s simple to say “we don’t collect data, but Meower does, so look at their privacy policy” somewhere in a client

> - This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)

Reviewer 3: > The TOS and Privacy Policy for Meower only apply to Meower-Team-hosted stuff, so clients can’t just point to that. It’s simple to say “we don’t collect data, but Meower does, so look at their privacy policy” somewhere in a client

Privacy policy may not but ToS does, by saying ToS only applies to meower hosted stuff, that *could* imply to some readers that the ToS does not apply to them if they're using a third party client and spam/harrass etc

> - This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)

Reviewer 2: > by saying ToS only applies to meower hosted stuff, that _could_ imply to some readers that the ToS does not apply to them 

clients are used to give users access to meower, the service, which does fall under the tos. i would think that’s clear but if you feel like it’s not, we can change the wording or something somewhere else

- Clients cannot have ads, tracking, or data collection. However, you can take donations from users of your client on any donation platform.
- We reserve the right to hold you back from being a featured client if we have suspicion that you are using any kind of loophole in the RFC.
- We reserve the right to add a client to the featured list even if it does not follow guidelines.

## Guidelines

### Code Optimizations

You can either use M.js, a similar library, or follow [Design Practices](#design-practices). 

We suggest that you use M.js, as it provides a nicer way to interact with the Meower API, and also provides features that help with server performance (eg. caching user data)

### Design Practices

If you are using M.js or a similar library, you do not need to follow this part of the RFC. The library should have implemented it for you.

- Do not fetch the chat list every time the user goes onto the page. 
   We provide updates to chats on the WebSocket, so you can cache them.
- Store the posts & don't spam the API to get new posts.   
    The WebSocket provides this to you as well.

> - You must use Websocket V1 (Merged [here](https://github.com/meower-media-co/Meower-Server/pull/242))

Author: people actually have implemented it.

### Vulnerabilities

If your client is discovered to have a vulnerability, it will be ineligible to be featured until the vulnerability is fixed.
If a vulnerability is reported, you must attempt to fix it as soon as possible and alert users if applicable. You must also alert (to be determined) so your client can be temporarily removed from the featured list to prevent harm to users. 

The easiest fix to most of these issues is to just do it APTE.

Some of the common vulnerabilities include:
- XSS (Cross site scripting attacks)
    - Read more about XSS [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) 
    - If you aren't using a web framework, avoid using innerHTML directly for user generated content.
    - For Markdown, make sure that your parser works properly. We can't give a lot of details on how to do this well, as parser implementations vary. It's best to just do Markdown APTE.
- Storing user data insecurely. You should do it APTE
- Having users run scripts in console

>     - This isnt something you can really handle, however its important to warn users about the possibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This isn't something you can really handle, however it's important to warn users about the possibility.
```

        ```js 
            console.log('%cStop!', 'color: #F00; font-size: 30px; -webkit-text-stroke: 1px black; font-weight:bold');
            console.log(
                'This is a part of your browser intended for developers. ' +
                'If someone told you to copy-and-paste something here, ' +
                'don\'t do it! It could allow them to take over your ' +
                'Meower account, and do many other harmful things, causing a ban or account deletion. ' +
                'However, dont let this deter you from being here, as it can be a nice learning resource ' +
                'For people who want to make their own Meower client! ' +
                'If you accidentally do end up running a harmful script,' +
                ' Go to Settings > Security and then hit "Logout Everywhere"'
            );
        ```

### Feature Parity

(These are the **FEATURES** you need to have in your client)

To be featured, your client must have at least these features. 

We also have listed features that can be optionally excluded
- Sending, editing, and deleting posts.
- Updating chats when added to/removed from one.

> - User profiles (APTE).

Reviewer 2: stop pointing to the example client

- Custom PFPs.
- Default PFPs, extra can be added by uploading as a custom PFP.
- Post/user reporting.
- Chats:

>     - Chat Member management (APTE).

Reviewer 2: stop pointing to the example client

    - Creating chats.
- Logging in/signing up.
- Home page.
    - You can exclude the ulist.
- ALL settings* (APTE).

> 	- Setting categories have to be APTE.

Reviewer 2: Clarify what settings are and aren't required, stop pointing to the example client

    - You can exclude Layout and BGM.
    - You can exclude Sound Effects too, however we recommend you keep them so they can be used for notifications. 

> - Searching (APTE).

Reviewer 2: stop pointing to the example client

- Blocking/reporting users.
- Bridge support.
    Meower has various bridges that are offical, or are community made. They need to be supported so the syntax is not shown, leading to worse UX. 

    The current list of supported bridges are:

>     - Discord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Bridge no longer exists

    - gc *internal only*

> - Sending typing indication. You do not need to show who is typing. (can be disabled by the user) 

Reviewer: Why require there to be an option to disable it?

> - Sending typing indication. You do not need to show who is typing. (can be disabled by the user) 

Reviewer 2: People might not like other people to know if they’re typing or if other people are typing, so providing an option allows users who want typing indicators to have them is the better solution imo

- Markdown (APTE if you want, markdown itself is not optional). 
- Image host whitelist, can be disabled by the user (with a warning before disabling!).
    
    Current list of allowed image hosts:
    - https://meower.org/
    - https://http.meower.org/
    - https://assets.meower.org/
    - https://forums.meower.org/
    - https://go.meower.org/  
    - https://hedgedoc.meower.org/
    - https://docs.meower.org/
    - https://uploads.meower.org/ 
    - https://u.cubeupload.com/
    - https://cubeupload.com/
    - https://i.ibb.co/
    - https://media.tenor.com/
    - https://tenor.com/
    - https://c.tenor.com/
    - https://assets.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn2.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://uploads.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn.discordapp.com/

>     - https://media.discordapp.net/

Author: not something that can be done via an RFC

> 

Reviewer: [eventually](https://github.com/meower-media-co/RFC/pull/2#discussion_r1631775813)

                'If you accidentally do end up running a harmful script,' +
                ' Go to Settings > Security and then hit "Logout Everywhere"'
            );
        ```

### Feature Parity

(These are the **FEATURES** you need to have in your client)

To be featured, your client must have atleast have these features. 

We also have listed features that can be optionally excluded
- User profiles (APTE).
- Custom PFPs.
- Default PFPs, extra can be added by uploading as a custom PFP.
- Post/user reporting.
- Chats:
    - Chat Member management (APTE).
    - Creating Chats.
- Logging in/signing up.
- Home page.
    - You can exclude the ulist.
- ALL settings* (APTE).
	- Setting categories have to be APTE.
    - You can exclude Layout and BGM.
    - You can exclude Sound Effects too, however we recommend you keep them.
- Searching (APTE).
- Blocking/reporting users.
- Bridge support.
    Meower has various bridges that are offical, or are community made. They need to be supported so the syntax is not shown, leading to worse UX. 

    The current list of supported bridges are:
        - Discord
        - Revolt/Revower (Dead)

> 	    - Webhooks (uses a diffrent style for bridged posts)

Reviewer 3: *different

If you do not have any background in this, then it will be harder to understand the references this RFC makes. Therefore, it will be harder to make a featured client.

In other words, this RFC doesn't go easy on you.

## Rules
- You **MAY NOT** create a client for **"malicous intent"**, we will carefully review your client to make sure that you aren't breaking any guidelines.
- This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)
- Custom privacy policies are allowed, but they are **HIGHLY DISCOURAGED**
  - Custom privacy policies **DO NOT** provide a good user experience
- Plugins are allowed, and are encouraged. They must still follow this RFC.
- Clients must have their own page so users can use it after it has been cycled out of being the featured client.
- Clients cannot have ads, tracking, or data collection. However, you can take donations from users of your client on any donation platform.
- We reserve the right to hold you back from being a featured client if we have suspicion that you are using any kind of loophole in the RFC.

> - We reserve the right to add a client to the featured list even if it does not follow guidelines.

Reviewer 4: Rewriting this
I feel this singular rule is useless, remove it

> - We reserve the right to add a client to the featured list even if it does not follow guidelines.

Reviewer 4: (hopefully this will be the final time i rewrite this, im new to github reviewing)
This rule is stupid, i doubt there would ever be a client that didnt follow guidelines we wanted to feature.

Reviewer 4: WHY THE FUCK DOES IT STILL SAY I APPROVED IT
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
i give up

This also applies to client plugins in relevant areas (ie: [Design Practices](#design-practices))

You can remove your client from the featured clients at any time for any reason. You are in absolute control of your project.

## Terms/Definitions

- Us/We - The Meower team
- FOSS/OSS - Free and open source software
- M.js - Meower's open source client and bot library made with JavaScript.
- JS - JavaScript
- WS - WebSockets(s)
- APTE - As per (the) example client
- PFP - Profile picture

## Prefacing

This document may be hard to understand for some readers, as it assumes that you have background in developing with JavaScript ("JS"), WebSockets ("WS"), REST APIs, and also that you have read some of the [Meower Documentation](https://docs.meower.org/)

If you do not have any background in this, then it will be harder to understand the references this RFC makes. Therefore, it will be harder to make a featured client.

> In other words, this RFC doesn't go easy on you.

Reviewer 3: does this really need to be in here

- XSS (Cross site scripting attacks)
    - Read more about XSS [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) 
    - If you aren't using a web framework, avoid using innerHTML directly for user generated content.
    - For Markdown, make sure that your parser works properly. We can't give a lot of details on how to do this well, as parser implementations vary. It's best to just do Markdown APTE.
- Storing user data insecurely. You should do it APTE
- Having users run scripts in console
    - This isnt something you can really handle, however its important to warn users about the possibility.
    - We have prepared an example script for this case (JS)
        ```js 
            console.log('%cStop!', 'color: #F00; font-size: 30px; -webkit-text-stroke: 1px black; font-weight:bold');
            console.log(
                'This is a part of your browser intended for developers. ' +
                'If someone told you to copy-and-paste something here, ' +
                'don\'t do it! It could allow them to take over your ' +
                'Meower account, and do many other harmful things, causing a ban or account deletion. ' +

>                 'However, dont let this deter you from being here, as it can be a nice learning resource ' +

Reviewer 3: *don't

Reviewer 3: github, can you please put this on the line I selected thanks

(These are the **FEATURES** you need to have in your client)

To be featured, your client must have at least these features. 

We also have listed features that can be optionally excluded
- Sending, editing, and deleting posts.
- Updating chats when added to/removed from one.
- User profiles (APTE).
- Custom PFPs.
- Default PFPs, extra can be added by uploading as a custom PFP.
- Post/user reporting.
- Chats:
    - Chat Member management (APTE).
    - Creating chats.
- Logging in/signing up.
- Home page.
    - You can exclude the ulist.
- ALL settings* (APTE).
	- Setting categories have to be APTE.
    - You can exclude Layout and BGM.
    - You can exclude Sound Effects too, however we recommend you keep them so they can be used for notifications. 
- Searching (APTE).
- Blocking/reporting users.
- Bridge support.
    Meower has various bridges that are offical, or are community made. They need to be supported so the syntax is not shown, leading to worse UX. 

    The current list of supported bridges are:

    - Discord
    - gc *internal only*

- Sending typing indication. You do not need to show who is typing.
- Markdown (APTE if you want, markdown itself is not optional). 

> - Image host whitelist (until we get a image reflector), can be disabled by the user (with a warning before disabling!).

Reviewer 3: This should be updated now that Meower Uploads exists

Author: its uploads, not a reflector iirc we still plan on having a reflector
cc @tnix100

Reviewer 5: I get the image host whitelist, we still don't proxy media from links.
But the thing about typing indicators, I think sending typing indication should be completely optional.

Reviewer 3: > I get the image host whitelist, we still don't proxy media from links. But the thing about typing indicators, I think sending typing indication should be completely optional.

Yeah, plus wouldn't meo technically violate this then since it has the option to disable typing indicators? I turn that on every time I sign in on a new device.

## Terms/Definitions

- Us/We - The Meower team
- FOSS/OSS - Free and open source software
- M.js - Meower's open source client and bot library made with JavaScript.
- JS - JavaScript
- WS - WebSockets(s)
- APTE - As per (the) example client
- PFP - Profile picture

## Prefacing

This document may be hard to understand for some readers, as it assumes that you have background in developing with JavaScript ("JS"), WebSockets ("WS"), REST APIs, and also that you have read some of the [Meower Documentation](https://docs.meower.org/)

If you do not have any background in this, then it will be harder to understand the references this RFC makes. Therefore, it will be harder to make a featured client.

In other words, this RFC doesn't go easy on you.

## Rules
- You **MAY NOT** create a client for **"malicous intent"**, we will carefully review your client to make sure that you aren't breaking any guidelines.
- This should be obvious, however clients must not break the Meower TOS or Privacy Policy (unless stated otherwise, eg. custom privacy policy)
- Custom privacy policies are allowed, but they are **HIGHLY DISCOURAGED**

> 	- The reasoning is that Custom privacy policies **DO NOT** provide a good user experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Custom privacy policies **DO NOT** provide a good user experience
```

- Plugins are allowed, and are encouraged. They must still follow this RFC.
- Clients must have their own page so users can use it after it has been cycled out of being the featured client.

> - Clients cannot have ads, tracking, or data collection. However, you can take donations from users of your client on any donation platform.

Reviewer: This kind of goes against the point of custom privacy policies being allowed

Reviewer 3: meower svelte with cloudflare analytics
![image](https://github.com/meower-media-co/RFC/assets/72828296/b3a8c7a1-dc80-475f-aaab-8b693aed7298)

Reviewer 5: > meower svelte with cloudflare analytics ![image](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/72828296/337489598-b3a8c7a1-dc80-475f-aaab-8b693aed7298.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.zf67xXtD4uRTXSoZVrsoXEAXatc3uviJ8zeW5lfaLiA)

Cloudflare web analytics was disabled a long time ago.

- We reserve the right to hold you back from being a featured client if we have suspicion that you are using any kind of loophole in the RFC.
- We reserve the right to add a client to the featured list even if it does not follow guidelines.

## Guidelines

### Code Optimizations

You can either use M.js, a similar library, or follow [Design Practices](#design-practices). 

We suggest that you use M.js, as it provides a nicer way to interact with the Meower API, and also provides features that help with server performance (eg. caching user data)

### Design Practices

> If you are using M.js, or a similar library you do not need to follow this sub-part of the RFC. The library should have implemented it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using M.js or a similar library, you do not need to follow this part of the RFC. The library should have implemented it for you.
```

- Do not fetch the chat list every time the user goes onto the page. 

>    We provide updates to chats on the WebSocket. Basically just cache 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We provide updates to chats on the WebSocket, so you can cache them.
```

- Store the posts & don't spam the API to get new posts.   

>     Again the WebSocket provides this to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The WebSocket provides this to you as well.
```

    You instead should use `?autoget` to grab the posts automatically.

> - Client side ratelimiting. 

Reviewer: This seems unnecessary to me. This is not a particularly common situation to run into, and is annoying to implement.

Author: Just ignore it then, I'll remove it before of the large number of vars required to implement it

Reviewer 4: client side ratelimiting, i agree
however "Do not grab the post IDs." is staying put

Reviewer: I'm talking about client side ratelimiting, GitHub just puts a couple of lines before the actual thing being reviewed as well

Reviewer 4: welp that part was written by showier, so deal with that with showier and not me

Reviewer 4: also, if you dont wanna implement it, then use m.js

Reviewer: Most high quality suggestion ever then

```suggestion
```

### Vulnerabilities

If your client is discovered to have a vulnerability, it will be ineligible to be featured until the vulnerability is fixed.
If a vulnerability is reported, you must attempt to fix it as soon as possible and alert users if applicable. You must also alert (to be determined) so your client can be temporarily removed from the featured list to prevent harm to users. 

The easiest fix to most of these issues is to just do it APTE.

Some of the common vulnerabilities include:
- XSS (Cross site scripting attacks)
    - Read more about XSS [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) 

>     - If you aren't using a web framework, you might use innerHTML for posts, **DO NOT** do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you aren't using a web framework, avoid using innerHTML directly for user generated content.
```
innerHTML probably _should_ be used for posts if they are markdown parsed first.

>     - For markdown, make sure that your parser works properly, we can't give alot of details on how to do this well, as parser implementations vary. Its best to just do markdown APTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For Markdown, make sure that your parser works properly. We can't give a lot of details on how to do this well, as parser implementations vary. It's best to just do Markdown APTE.
```

> - Storing user data insecurely. You should do it APTE

Reviewer: What does this mean exactly?

Author: tokens, etc

- Having users run scripts in console
    - This isnt something you can really handle, however its important to warn users about the possibility.
    - We have prepared an example script for this case (JS)
        ```js 
            console.log('%cStop!', 'color: #F00; font-size: 30px; -webkit-text-stroke: 1px black; font-weight:bold');
            console.log(
                'This is a part of your browser intended for developers. ' +
                'If someone told you to copy-and-paste something here, ' +
                'don\'t do it! It could allow them to take over your ' +
                'Meower account, and do many other harmful things, causing a ban or account deletion. ' +
                'However, dont let this deter you from being here, as it can be a nice learning resource ' +
                'For people who want to make their own Meower client! ' +
                'If you accidentally do end up running a harmful script,' +
                ' Go to Settings > Security and then hit "Logout Everywhere"'
            );
        ```

### Feature Parity

(These are the **FEATURES** you need to have in your client)

> To be featured, your client must have atleast have these features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be featured, your client must have at least these features. 
```

We also have listed features that can be optionally excluded
- User profiles (APTE).
- Custom PFPs.
- Default PFPs, extra can be added by uploading as a custom PFP.
- Post/user reporting.
- Chats:
    - Chat Member management (APTE).

>     - Creating Chats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Creating chats.
```

- Logging in/signing up.
- Home page.
    - You can exclude the ulist.
- ALL settings* (APTE).

> 	- Setting categories have to be APTE.

Reviewer: Where can you access the setting categories?

Author: > APTE
currently svelte dev

    - You can exclude Layout and BGM.

>     - You can exclude Sound Effects too, however we recommend you keep them.

Reviewer: Why? I don't think most people use those.

Author: You can **exclude** Layout and BGM.
You can **exclude** Sound Effects too, however we recommend you keep them.

Reviewer: I was referring to the "however we recommend you keep them" part. Why is that the recommendation?

Reviewer 4: thats specifically for sound effects

Reviewer: Yes, but why is that the recommendation for sound effects? Other recommendations include plugins, where I can see the benefit for users much more clearly. I doubt any active Meower user has the sound effects turned on.

Reviewer 4: well... uh they're sorta like notifications right now

- Searching (APTE).
- Blocking/reporting users.
- Bridge support.
    Meower has various bridges that are offical, or are community made. They need to be supported so the syntax is not shown, leading to worse UX. 

    The current list of supported bridges are:

    - Discord
    - Revolt/Revower (Dead)
    - Webhooks (uses a diffrent style for bridged posts)
    - gc *internal only*
- Sending typing indication. You do not need to show who is typing.
- Markdown (APTE if you want, markdown itself is not optional). 

> - Image host whitelist (until we get a image reflector), can be disabled by the user (with warning before disabling!).

Reviewer: > until we get a image reflector

Does this apply now? Relatedly, Do you still have to support the `[alt: link]` syntax with the whitelist?

Reviewer 6: PLEASE no

Author: I dont have the power to decide that.

Author: Tnix has said that  [alt: link] can be disabled once this rfc goes out

Reviewer 5: Yep, no more [alt: link]. Eventually, Meower will have a media proxy and any previous image links can be turned into embeds.

Author: currently [alt: link] should really be counted as an embed, and []() should be inline

Reviewer 5: > currently [alt: link] should really be counted as an embed, and `[]()` should be inline

It's not proxied though, exposing user info to 3rd parties :/

Author: > > currently [alt: link] should really be counted as an embed, and `[]()` should be inline
> 
> It's not proxied though, exposing user info to 3rd parties :/

that's why we have a wl rn

    
    Current list of allowed image hosts:
    - https://meower.org/
    - https://http.meower.org/
    - https://assets.meower.org/
    - https://forums.meower.org/
    - https://go.meower.org/  
    - https://hedgedoc.meower.org/
    - https://docs.meower.org/
    - https://uploads.meower.org/ 
    - https://u.cubeupload.com/
    - https://cubeupload.com/
    - https://i.ibb.co/
    - https://media.tenor.com/
    - https://tenor.com/
    - https://c.tenor.com/
    - https://assets.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn2.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://uploads.scratch.mit.edu/
    - https://cdn.discordapp.com/
    - https://media.discordapp.net/
- Option to switch to an external sever.

    The client does not need to support servers with breaking changes. The only exception to this is when the offical server makes a breaking change.       

# Updates to this RFC

> Clients will have 60 days to add features that are added to this RFC after the update is published. There will be a 1 week grace period before being removed from the list of featured clients.

Reviewer: These two sentences seem to contradict each other - 7 or 60 days?

Author: basically its 67 days before. Its like you have 60 days to develop, then 7 days to push and publish

Reviewer: I see

Reviewer 3: This should still be updated to reflect that as these conversations don't show on the final published document I don't think and may be confusing to some.

# RFC-1 - Featured Client Requirements
Authored by: ShowierData9978 <contact@showierdata.xyz> on 4/18/24 (CT).

> ## Terms/Definitions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Terms/Definitions
```

- Us/We - The Meower team

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Rules
- Clients created for malicious intent will not be featured
- Clients must have their own Privacy Policy
- If your client implements any kind of plugin/addon interface, any plugins that are featured (or in the repo) are considered to be part of the client.
- The Meower Team may, at it's sole discretion, choose whether or not a client should be featured
- The Meower Team may feature a client despite not complying with this RFC

## Guidelines

### Design Practices

- Cache chat and post data
- Use Cloudlink to get updates to cached information

> - You must use  V1 (Merged [here](https://github.com/meower-media-co/Meower-Server/pull/242))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You must use V1 of the WebSocket Server
```

### Vulnerabilities

If your client is discovered to have a vulnerability, you must fix said vulnerability as soon as possible, alert your client's users (if necessary), and have it removed from the list of featured clients if it won't be fixed in a reasonable amount of time.

### Feature Parity
To be featured, your client must have at least these features. 

> - Sending, editing, and deleting posts.
> - Updating chats when added to/removed from one.
> - User profiles
> 	- Quotes
> - Profile picture support
> - Post/user reporting.
> - Chats:
>     - Chat Member management.
>     - Creating chats.
> - Logging in/signing up.
> - Home page.
> - settings*
> 	- Quote
>    	- updating profile pictures
>    	- disabling typing indicator. 
> - Searching Users.
> - Searching Posts.
> - Blocking users.
> - Typing indicator support that users must be able to disable
> - CommonMark (Markdown) 
> - Image host whitelist, can be disabled by the user (with a warning before disabling!).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Sending, editing, and deleting posts
- Updating chats when added to/removed from one
- User profiles
	- Quotes
- Profile picture support
- Post/user reporting
- Chats:
    - Chat creation
    - Chat member management
- Logging in
- Signing up
- Home page
- Settings
	- Quote
  - Profile pictures
 	- Typing indicator
- Searching users
- Searching posts
- Blocking users
- Typing indicator support that users must be able to disable
- CommonMark support 
- Image host whitelist, can be disabled by the user (with a warning before disabling)
```
